[Music]
people come in a hustle advice and I are
gonna use something G hat you ready
we're really really good because I
[Music]
[Applause]
so I would say hustle and why was a
smashing success there were so many
talented people there so cool to bring
people from my world
and then Gerrard and Chris and kick ster
who I co-hosted this event with and then
also people from blender workspace who
helped us put on the event which by the
way thank you so much let's started a
while ago when I just moved to New York
and I wanted a way for all of my
creative friends and all these different
worlds to meet each other and to client
and hopefully figure out ways that they
can work on projects together and just
get to know more like-minded creative
entrepreneurial type people so when that
went well you know I wanted to take it a
step further and it was so cool being
able to work with other people on this
you know size of a party and shindig
whatever you want to call it essentially
it's a networking party I hate the word
networking because it's kind of like I
don't know it's kind of a dorky word but
essentially that's what it is and I
think if you get the right people and
they're there's just a cool space to
hang out in and you know I think I think
the bar helped the conversations keep
flowing no it's it's like a formula for
success and it was cut I'm still on the
creative high from it I got all the
digits and all of the Instagram handles
it was just ha it was fun it was good
and it was dope to have John here what
what what's good baby my lady and
congrats if you stayed for the end of
the video because this wasn't just for
us homies in New York City but there is
a way that you guys can get involved and
actually win prizes yes prizes so I'm
gonna tell you what you have to do and
then I'm gonna tell you the prizes that
me kick stir and Girard are giving out
to you guys what we want to see is what
your Hustle is it could be creative it
could be something at school it could be
you know you could be a dentist a lawyer
whatever it is but post a picture too
Instagram hash tagging hustle NY and
then you follow me on instagram gerard
and kick stir you will be entered to win
one of six prizes six i have to be NH
gift cards you'll know at B&H photo
video is there the homies where i buy
like all of my camera gear they are a
mega awesome super store here in New
York City which you need to visit if you
are here and enjoy camera gear I also
have two free subscriptions to the Adobe
Creative Cloud what that means you can
Photoshop in Premiere and Lightroom and
have all of the Adobe apps for free for
six months or a year
I forgot how long the so regardless you
have a chance to win free Adobe Creative
Cloud what the fifth prize is a kick
ster swag bag now if you don't know what
kick ster is all about they're all about
that hype culture and sneakers and
fashion and so you know you're gonna be
getting some swag from that and then
last but certainly not least prize is
honestly probably the coolest one so
hustle and why this is hopefully going
to be a quarterly networking event here
in New York and maybe different places
in the future but the last prize is a
invite for you and a plus-one to come to
the next hustle in white of it oh my
gosh I mean I don't think we're gonna
fly you out here but you'll be invited
it's not monthly you live close so hot
dank my fam
post a picture of you hustlin on the
Instagram hashtag hustle and why make
sure you're following me gerard kick
stir and then you'll be entered to win
one of these epic six prizes are you
freaking kidding me right now
[Music]
thank you so much for watching and
sharing this epic experience with me I
will see you guys on the Instagram and
remember I'm posting here Monday through
Fridays now arrey weekday 8 p.m. Eastern
Standard eats so I will see you guys in
the next one remember to stay peachy
keep killing it progress daily follow
your dreams
ok bye
[Music]